The poor little one really didn't lie to me
His mother is really talented
You came just in time
Did anyone pass the interview with a child today?
He
No. Why?
Dear, you just took over Shengfeng's domestic business.
What you need most are elite soldiers
This woman even brings her child to the interview
If your company arranges an errand
Overtime or something
Do you still need to take leave to go home and take care of the children?
I've seen his plans.
Conceived ingeniously and designed uniquely
If this kind of person is blocked and not hired
What are you talking about?
Go and call him and tell him to come to work tomorrow.
Brother Yanting, I know I was wrong
Don't be angry.
Paper scissors haha
You win again.
I got the job.
It's great that you finally got your wish.
Congratulations mom
Wait! Let's go eat!
My treat
I got drunk with Song Lin last night and was late again
Xiuyuan